updating left and right pointers
iterating over al nodes in selected row
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
setting current_node.down.up = current_node.up
setting current_node.up.down = current_node.down
setting current_node = current_node.right
